Updates K8s node scanning documentation (#500)
mondoohq/docs: docs/platform/infra/cloud/kubernetes/scan-kubernetes-with-operator.md

3. To continuously assess the security posture of nodes in your Kubernetes cluster, enable **Scan nodes**.

:::important

> Mondoo can scan both a Kubernetes (K8s) cluster using the Mondoo K8s Operator and the account (AWS account, GCP project, or Azure subscription) where the cluster is deployed. To avoid duplication of assets, if the account is integrated with VM scanning enabled, or if you plan to enable it, ensure that Node Scanning is disabled for the Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: The first sentence is true only for scanning the cluster node (not for scanning the cluster resources)

Author: Thanks @imilchev 🙌  I made the change you suggested!

> Mondoo can scan both a Kubernetes (K8s) cluster using the Mondoo K8s Operator as well as the account (AWS account, GCP project, or Azure subscription) where the cluster is deployed. To avoid duplication of assets, if the account is integrated with VM scanning enabled, or if you plan to enable it, ensure that Node Scanning is disabled for the Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Mondoo scans Kubernetes clusters in two ways: 

- Directly, using the Mondoo Kubernetes Operator

- As part of the cloud account (AWS account, GCP project, or Azure subscription) where the cluster is deployed

If you enable (or plan to enable) VM scanning when you set up your AWS, GCP, or Azure integration AND you enable **Scan nodes** in your Kubernetes integration, you create duplicate assets (two of the same cluster). To prevent this, be sure to disable **Scan nodes** in the Kubernetes integration.
```

Reviewer 2: It's not that easy to understand, I'm afraid. Partly just because it's a hard thing to describe but also because (1) the setting name is different than in the UI and (2) the structure.
Does my suggestion help without mucking up the meaning?

Author: @misterpantz I think your change is drastically better! 🙌 🥳 

I have slight tweaks that you can take or leave:

```suggestion
Mondoo can scan Kubernetes clusters in two ways:

- **Directly**, using the Mondoo Kubernetes Operator.
- **Indirectly**, as part of the cloud account (AWS account, GCP project, or Azure subscription) where the cluster is deployed.

If both VM scanning is enabled for your cloud account integration and Scan nodes is enabled for your Kubernetes integration, this will create duplicate assets (the same cluster appearing twice). To avoid duplication, disable Scan nodes in your Kubernetes integration.
```

The only other thought I had would be to add something explaining Scan nodes:

**What is “Scan nodes”?**

This setting allows Mondoo to scan Kubernetes cluster nodes directly. If you’re scanning the cloud account, the nodes will already be scanned as part of VM scanning.

For steps to disable Scan nodes, see [link to instructions].

Reviewer 2: Because you're adding this note WITHIN the instructions, right below the step that tells you to enable Scan nodes if you want to assess the security posture of nodes in your Kubernetes cluster, there's no need to link to it. :) 

And I don't want to reintroduce the passive voice. Active voice makes it clear that you/your team is doing the enabling.

Reviewer 2: This has some of your suggestions and some of mine:

```suggestion
Mondoo can scan Kubernetes clusters in two ways:

- Directly, using the Mondoo Kubernetes Operator

- Indirectly, as part of the cloud account (AWS account, GCP project, or Azure subscription) where the cluster is deployed

If you enable **Scan virtual machines** in your cloud account integration AND your enable **Scan nodes** in your Kubernetes integration, Mondoo creates duplicate assets (the same cluster represented twice). To prevent duplication, disable **Scan nodes** in your Kubernetes integration.
```

Reviewer 2: Oh crap... I just checked and, of the cloud integrations you listed, the only one that has a *Scan virtual machines* option is Azure!
